1.7.0 documentation (#360)
IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver: docs/content/configuration/csi_ug_config_create_vol_snapshotclass.md

**Note:**

-   IBM® FlashCopy® function is referred to as the more generic volume snapshots and cloning within this documentation set. Not all supported products use the FlashCopy function terminology.

> In order to enable creation and deletion of volume snapshots for your storage system, create a VolumeSnapshotClass YAML file, similar to the following `demo-snapshotclass.yaml`.

Reviewer: @ArbelNathan [do we want](https://github.com/IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver/pull/360#discussion_r704256279) to update the filenames (wherever applicable)? e.g.
```suggestion
In order to enable creation and deletion of volume snapshots for your storage system, create a VolumeSnapshotClass YAML file, similar to the following `demo-volumesnapshotclass-config-secret.yaml`.
```

Reviewer 2: yes, sure

Author: DONE

Reviewer: @rivkap sorry for the confusion, but my suggestion here is no longer relevant, since the topology is now in a separate topic

Author: @oriyarde can you point out where it should be removed / replaced back with demo-snapshot?
should this end up just waiting for the final yaml examples to be copied in?
updated were made in the following files:
1. csi_ug_config_create_snapshots.md
2. csi_ug_config_create_vol_snapshotclass.md 
3. csi_ug_config_create_vol_snapshotclass_topology.md

Reviewer: 1. and 2. should not contain `config-secret`, since it is covered in 3.

Author: DONE

>     

Reviewer: not relevant to current changes, but I couldn't but notice on line number 15 (on which I cannot comment directly):
```
the `CSI_` prefix is added as default
```
while technically true, to me this sounds like it implies that the default (svc) prefix parameter value is `CSI_`, while it's actually just `CSI` (the underscore is added for user-defined prefixes as well)

Author: @oriyarde  should I update this to just read `CSI`? It's not a problem

Reviewer: that would be great, thanks

Author: DONE

-   The `pool` parameter is not available on IBM FlashSystem A9000 and A9000R storage systems. For these storage systems the snapshot must be created on the same pool as the source.

```
apiVersion: snapshot.storage.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: VolumeSnapshotClass
metadata:
  name: demo-volumesnapshotclass-config-secret
driver: block.csi.ibm.com
deletionPolicy: Delete
parameters:
  # non-csi.storage.k8s.io parameters may be specified in by_system_id per system and/or outside by_system_id as the cross-system default.

  by_system_id: '{"demo-system-id-1":{"pool":"demo-pool-1","SpaceEfficiency":"deduplicated","snapshot_name_prefix":"demo-prefix-1"},
                  "demo-system-id-2":{"pool":"demo-pool-2","snapshot_name_prefix":"demo-prefix-2"}}'  # Optional.
  pool: demo-pool                    # Optional. Use to create the snapshot on a different pool than the source.
  SpaceEfficiency: thin              # Optional. Use to create the snapshot with a different space efficiency than the source.
  snapshot_name_prefix: demo-prefix  # Optional.

>   csi.storage.k8s.io/snapshotter-secret-name: demo-config-secret

Reviewer: @ArbelNathan do we really want to remove the non-config usage from our docs?

Reviewer: @ArbelNathan gentle reminder

Reviewer 2: it should be in addition, not to replace the old..

Reviewer: it looks like a replacement to me.
should we have a separate configuration topic for topology (similar to `Advanced configuration`)?

Reviewer 2: we can, with all the topology specific object

Author: @oriyarde  @ArbelNathan  Following up offline for now

Author: DONE
